
·      Page 16: When mentioning the Higgs mechanism, we suggest to
also add references to the work of Englert and Brout.

-- Reference added.

·      Chapter 3: Add a brief comment about the validity of the
Woods-Saxon form factors and whether uncertainties in the nuclear form
factor can affect the results of the study.

-- Comment added in penultimate paragraph of the "Coherent Regime" section of 3.2.1.
The knowledge of the nuclear form factor and its shape in $Q^2$, therefore, has a significant impact on the total cross section. Here, we use a Woods-Saxon form factor described in more detail in Appendix~\ref{app:formfactors}. Our form factor leads to a difference of $12\%$ on the total cross section of coherent dimuon tridents if compared to the more recent Ref.~\cite{Altmannshofer:2019zhy}.

·      Page 73: The statement in the last paragraph “Although the
number of trident events […] is rather low, they may offer one of the
first opportunities to study trident events […]” is a bit misleading
and could be rewritten. According to table 3.2 the number of expected
events is of the order of 10, probably insufficient to study trident
physics in itself (although useful to set constraints and do some
other studies).


-- Corrected to: "Although the number of trident events expected in these detectors is rather low, they may offer the first opportunity to develop search techniques and learn more about background processes to tridents in LAr."


·      Page 74: remind the reader what the exposure of nuSTORM – it
appears in page 77 but by then the readedr has already seen table 3.4.


-- "For the $\nu$STORM ND, we take a fiducial mass of 100t of LAr." added to the caption of Table 3.2.

·      Page 79: In table 3.3 and in the text, the misID uncertainty is
set to 10% for pions. Comment on how realistic this number is and, if
it can increase or decrease, mention (briefly and only qualitatively)
the effect it might have on the results.

-- Added the the following discussion in first paragraph of the section"Background Candidates": "Of great importance is the misID rate for $\mu/\pi$. Because the typical energy deposition in the detector, $dE/dx$, is very similar between pions and muons, these are indistinguishable if the particle escapes the detector. If the pion interacts, however, it may be identified. The pion interaction length in LAr is taken to be around 1m, and travelling a distance of around $\lesssim 3$m would occur in $\sim 10\%$ of cases. Increasing this misID rate has a large impact, increasing the number of backgrounds events to dimuon tridents. Additional possibilities to control backgrounds from pion production are tightening cuts on the opening angle of the dimuon pair or increasing the detector volume (see Ref.~\cite{Altmannshofer:2019zhy} for a more recent discussion on this issue)."


·      Section 3.2: we suggest that the candidate comments on the
reason that deep inelastic scattering does not need to be considered
in the discussion of neutrino trident production.


-- Discusion can be found below Fig. 3.1, where it is stated: "At the energies relevant for neutrino oscillation experiments, the deep inelastic scattering contribution amounts at most to 1\% of the total trident production cross section \cite{Magill:2016hgc} and we will not consider it further. At larger energies, this regime may become important, especially if the production of on-shell vector bosons becomes kinematically accessible."


·      Section 3.2: We suggest a comment on the absence of a magnetic
moment interaction in the coherent regime, which is valid for spin-0
nuclei like Ar-40, but not for nuclei carrying magnetic moments.

-- Comment added in "Coherent Regime" section: "In this case the vertex is spin-independent and $F(Q^2)$ describes the electric charge distribution in the nucleus. In general, and for more complex nuclei, magnetic scattering is also possible, and magnetic form factors would be present. In fact, the current problem is analogous to elastic electron scattering on nuclei, and benefits from the literature and data in that topic (see Ref.~\cite{Donnelly:1975ze} for a thorough review)" 

·      Chapter 4: There are various places where the candidate
mentions the predictions for tridents in DUNE and cites reference [1].
To give the thesis more cohesion we suggest that the candidate
cross-references Section 3 of his thesis, where the work of reference
[1] is reported. This happens, e.g. in page 86 and 96.


-- Added mentions to previous chapter, as well as to Appendix C, that contains trident distributions.

·      Section 5.2.2: Since this section mentions the possibility of
having a dark matter candidate in the model, we suggest that the
candidate comments on the different possibilities to reproduce the
correct relic density.

-- Extended discussion in 5.2.3.  

·      Sections 7.1 and 7.3: the estimate for the size of the neutrino
wave packets is problematic. While it is difficult to come up with a
precise estimate for this quantity, it is very likely smaller than the
size of the decay region. Rather, the neutrino will most likely
inherit the localization of its parent particles. We suggest that the
candidate comments on this problem and discusses the impact of a
smaller wave packet size on his results.

-- We did not touch on this during the viva, but I believe our method is quite robust. The wavepacket discussion in our approach is robust against having smaller neutrino wavepacket sizes, as it is essentially a classical averaging of the probability. It only breaks down for larger neutrino wavepacket sizes, which we believe to be unattainable in the nustorm conditions. Here is a paragraph added to the section "Localization at Production":

"Finally, let us emphasize our results are robust against different estimates for the neutrino wavepacket. If it turns out to be smaller than the production region, due to collisions of the parent partcles with the residual gas in the decay pipe, for instance, then our results remain unchanged. This is because even in this scenario, the production region is large, and the classical avereging of the probability over it leads to the washing out of the oscillation. This is, again, a reflection of the fact that our formalism is analogous to the incoherent summation of the probability over the production region. If, instead, the wavepacket is larger, due to large parent particle wavepacket size, for instance, then corrections to our method are in place. In this case, additional averaging effects would be at play, suppressing oscillations with large $\Delta m^2$."




